- Little

- Big

- apple, 

- banana, 

- orange

- cake

- candy

- cookie

- soup

- grape，

- milk

- strawberry

  I like (cookies).
  
  I don't like (soup).
  
  Me too! Do you like (soup)?
  
  (Two) (bananas),please.
  
  Here you are.
  
- seed 

- purple 

- white 

- big 

- little 

- bike 

- bus 

- box 

- car

- wheel

-  go

- stop

  What do you see? (bus).

  I see a (bus).

  Me too! Do you like (soup)?

  (Two) (bananas),please.

  Here you are.

- skateboard,

- stroller,

- wheel

- Ball,

- box,

- bee, butterfly, duck, fish, frog, house, sky, tree

- hop、run、swim、walk、fy、dance、clap、sit

  I can (hop)/I can't (fly)
  (A dog)can (run).I can (swim)
  Where is the fish?the fish is in the water

- walk/sit/throw/hop/swim/run

  learn：five/beanbag/throw/catch1-5

  The leaf，the apple，the acorn，

  the corn，The pumpkin，the rake，

  the moon，the jacket

  I/We can throw.

  How many beanbags do you see?

  what do you see？

- clap,dance,sit,walk, five, mango,monkey,moon, 

  mountain,rock,good night,up, down.
  
- Cat Yak Ax Ant Ram Jam Yam Dam Fan Man Pan Can Dad Pad Bag Rag

- Cap Map Nap Tap Bat Rat Hat Mat Web Egg Vet Ten Net Jet Pet Wet Zip

- Hip In Ink Pen Red Bed Lip Sip Rip Tip Bib Rib Kid Lid Bin Win Fin Pin



- the classroom
- the music room
- the art room
- the lunchroom
- the library
- the gym
- the playground
- the school
- the chair
- the desk
- the book
- the paper
- the pencil
- the eraser
- the backpack
- I get my backpack
- I get my pencils
- I get my ruler
- I get my eraser
- I get my crayons
- I get my sweater
- I get my sister
- I get my lunch
- I get my hug
- I get my ride



- two bees
- two fish
- two birds
- two cats
- two dogs
- two cows
- two horses
- two kids
- run/sit /sleep/stand/swim
  What are you doing? 
  I’m (eating). 
  What is the horse doing？
  The (horse) is (running). 
- mud, bud and up: cup, pup.
- my room
- bedroom
- livingroom
- kitchen
- in the bedroom
- in the livingroom
- in the kitchen
- in the bedroom
- here is my room
- here is my bed
- here is my desk
- here is my fish
- here are my book
- here are my toys
- here are my shoes
- here are my clothes



- cub, tub and um: gum, hum



- My House
- this is my house
- this is the door
- this is the living room
- this is the kitchen
- this is dining room
- this is the hall
- this is the bathroom
- this is my bedroom



- the sunshine
- the rain
- the beach
- the swimsuit
- the ball
- the flowers
- the garden
- the summer



- put on my shirt
- put on my pants
- put on my belt
- put on my socks
- put on my shoes
- put on my glasses
- put on my jacket
- put on my backpack



- family brother sister dad mum help
- I help(mydad).I(set the table)wash the(car),waterthe plant.

- cane, mane, cape, tape.  



- China、Chinese、capital、citybathroom、bedroom、 kitchen、living room、 home
- -Where are you from?
  -l'm from China.
- gate, skate, wave, cave



- bakery, bus station, fire station, hospital, post office
- Excuse me,
  where is the post office?
  (The post office) is next to
  (the hospital).
-  kite, pine, ripe, fine
- monkey bars, seesaw, slide, swings, playground



- bike hike lime time
- dive five line nine
- baseball / basketball / hopscotch /jump rope
- pine fine ripe kite hike bike lime time five dive nine line
- crawl, fall, follow, roll, throw, walk
- beach, rock, sand, shell, sun, bird, fish, sea
- home bone cone rope
- rope home bone cone
- fin,teeth,long,round,thin
- elephant、giraffe、turtle、tiger
- tune tube june rule